good morning everyone this is Friday
morning it's a quarter till seven I've
been out here since a little bit before
six and I've been out digging every well
pretty much every signal except for iron
but I'm particularly paying attention to
the mid-tones I'm at the iron pit you
know with my 80 pro and in the five by
eight coil and I've been digging all
kinds of trash and I just got a 46
signal that's a foil signal for those of
you who hunt gold you know we hear that
gold when you hit gold the vdi doesn't
jump off this one jumped it would go to
37 it will go to 48 but mostly 46 I
swung it may be 10 times over the
targeted and i'd say maybe of four times
for 46 and the rest were different
numbers so anyway i'm going to call it a
46 look what I got that's a gold ring
let's look at it oh yeah Oh daddy loves
ring and this is not plated you can tell
right away i play the job this is solid
gold right there still I like to see
them like that anyway this is the animal
pay this is the third gold ring I've
gotten out of here to solid gold in one
plated hunting the mid signals I am
about I don't know I'll say I'm about
one-tenth full on that gallon you know
those of you who follow my blog myblog
um the I'm trying to see if I could find
a gold ring before I fill up a gallon
container with pool tubs and stuff well
I get about one tenth of the way before
I hit gold okay I'll talk to you later
okay this is quite a morning for me just
about three minutes ago I found a
14-karat gold ring by the way the reason
why that signal was jumpy it's after I
removed the ring I scanned the area
again and there's a kind of iron there
where the city with the ring was sitting
at so now I know why it jumped all over
the place the signal anyway so I swung
for another two minutes or so and I got
this let me show you where it's at right
there it's a vehicle it's a vehicle I
hadn't found any oh my god i found
anything nichols anybody else finds him
and I was like why can't I find a
vehicle oh sweet it's a little worn you
can see the V there anyway I don't know
what year it is I can almost see it if
you give me a second
hahahaha the 1911 vehicle sweet I love
it the signal was 55 pretty solid it's a
little higher than Nichols come in on
the on the Garrity keep row anyway and
it was only like three inches down I
love the armpit this is my honey hole no
matter how many times I hon it I always
come up with something new so gold ring
and vehicle for this morning woohoo ok
talk to you later
okay so i'm done with my hunt this
morning I gotta get back to work but I
wanted to show you this this is the jar
that I'm trying to fill up let me see if
this works better anyway it's about I
don't know one fifth one sixth of the
way full that's how much trash I had to
dig before I found the 14k gold ring
right there it's a small ring it's a
foil and a foil signal 14k this thing
right here that is propped against this
some kind of looks like a handle to an
old shaving deal and then that's my
vehicle 1911 first-ever vehicle I've
ever found both were found by digging
mid-tones and again I'm going to
continue see how many if I can find
another gold ring before that's all the
way up to the top full crap but that's
how many targets have had to dig so far
to find that gold ring okay I'll talk to
you later oh yeah let's see this were
found with the 80 pro and they were
found that the iron pit okay bye